SCRIPT:
Actor 1: i just noticed how ashy that guys hands are.
Actor 2: if you were any whiter, i could polish the orb atop your shoulders and gaze into into my future
Actor 3: tapout looks like something you're body wants to do from that tight ass sweatshirt. 
Actor 4: the only thing that's nsfw is your face and body which are a fucking train wreck.
Actor 5: is that handkerchief to wipe your dad's cum off your face?
Actor 6: do i get a free blowjob if i can guess how big your dick is?
Actor 7: cunt
Last Actor: hello. what's your favorite movie ? candy? and season ?
First Actor: i just noticed how ashy that guys hands are.


SCRIPT:
Actor 1: too bad your're a vegan and a feminist because you could kill a cow with those man hands
Actor 2: you mean to tell me you couldn't find one facial hair waxer in need of a blow job?
Actor 3: please fix your eyebrows they are horrific
Actor 4: you look as ugly as the bull you stole that nose ring from. 
Actor 5: with a face as dead as that i cant imagine the sex being any good. id leave too.
Actor 6: he covers your eyes with your greasy hair so you doesn't have to look at your dog arse face
Actor 7: shut the fuck up you ugly cunt
Last Actor: not too sound creepy but you have very nice lips.
First Actor: too bad your're a vegan and a feminist because you could kill a cow with those man hands

SCRIPT:
Actor 1: you look like that kid who dates the short anime obsessed weird girl. 
Actor 2: the thing is that today you considered this as a "good hair day".
Actor 3: if i was born with symmetrical eyebrows i would totally for sure do that.
Actor 4: your eyes could be twice as large and they would still be too small for your face. 
Actor 5: by sex worker, do you mean you're working on a sex change?
Actor 6: i feel like sausage is what you call your boyfriends dick
Actor 7: you look a cunt
Last Actor: i would steal her. 
First Actor: you look like that kid who dates the short anime obsessed weird girl. 

SCRIPT:
There are 18 entries of score 1
Actor 1: look at those troy aikmen hands there
		Max feature:	hands score 1
There are 103 entries of score 2
Actor 2: your hair looks like it's from spaceballs
		Max feature:	hair score 2
There are 213 entries of score 3
Actor 3: her eyebrows are *thicker* than the chodes your're paid to swallow.
		Max feature:	eyebrows score 3
There are 293 entries of score 4
Actor 4: you have a face for a call center.
		Max feature:	face score 4
There are 127 entries of score 5
Actor 5: it's only gay if you cum
		Max feature:	cum score 5
There are 98 entries of score 6
Actor 6: it's the kind of gold that turns your dick green.
		Max feature:	dick score 6
There are 17 entries of score 7
Actor 7: cunt
		Max feature:	cunt score 7
Last Actor: my day has crashed and burned, so sure why not...
First Actor: look at those troy aikmen hands there

SCRIPT:
There are 18 entries of score 1
Actor 1: got some fucking cricket bats for hands don't ya there, yeti?
		Max feature:	hands score 1
There are 103 entries of score 2
Actor 2: what is it with the feminist aversion to conditioner and something resembling a hair style?
		Max feature:	hair score 2
There are 213 entries of score 3
Actor 3: your eyebrows made me cry
		Max feature:	eyebrows score 3
There are 293 entries of score 4
Actor 4: her face is what the guys look at to keep from cumming. 
		Max feature:	face score 4
There are 127 entries of score 5
Actor 5: guys, i get it, meat is a euphemism for penis 
		Max feature:	penis score 5
There are 98 entries of score 6
Actor 6: how many blow jobs have those tits cost you?
		Max feature:	tits score 6
There are 17 entries of score 7
Actor 7: lifting your boyfriend's flaccid cock to put it in your mouth is not the same as lifting.
		Max feature:	cock score 7
Last Actor: would bang.
First Actor: got some fucking cricket bats for hands don't ya there, yeti?

SCRIPT:
Filtered.
Actor 1: hey, how did your mom get her hands on neanderthal semen?
Actor 2: so you thought it would be a good idea to take your red hair and dye it red?
Actor 3: do your eyebrows get their own paycheck? 
Actor 4: barbie? your face has that much makeup on it that your hairline is running away from it.  

Actor 5: teenage boy of asian descent slaughters family after raping your grandma with your sisters dogs cut off penis
Last Actor: solid 8/10
First Actor: hey, how did your mom get her hands on neanderthal semen?

SCRIPT:
Filtered.
Actor 1: can't tell if your freckles are pock marks or your pock marks are freckles
Actor 2: skeletor looks good with blonde hair
Actor 3: i've seen tire marks that look better than those eyebrows
Actor 4: your hair's fine.

it's your face that you should be worrying about lmao
Actor 5: are you working in a phone sex hotline because you were rejected in all you porn castings?
Last Actor: those glasses give a extremely nice charismatic touch.
First Actor: can't tell if your freckles are pock marks or your pock marks are freckles



